c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\sunny\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
E:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
E:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Umair\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
G:\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
C:\Users\Sunny\Desktop\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
D:\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe.config
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.xml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.baml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.baml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\ReceiverView.g.cs
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\Views\SenderView.g.cs
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.g.resources
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.exe
D:\Installers\OneDrive\Project\Arduino\Session\ArduinoWPF\ArduinoWPF\obj\Debug\ArduinoWPF.pdb
